# CQS.NETLightweight library to implement CQS principle with .NET applications. **CQS (command–query separation)** - is a principle that defines data model of a system in terms of queries and commands:* **Commands** affecting state of object and provide a simple way to execute a single operation in terms of domain model.* **Queries** allows to query information from a data source without affecting it's state.More detailed explanation of CQS principle at [Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command%E2%80%93query_separation).When we're working on out projects we noticed that there is some a bit more complicated logic on top of commands and queries. Usually this is a sequence of steps to run queries and commands. We called this **Workflow** and I added it here as well.* **Workflow** represents single user's scenario. It could contain sequence of calling queries/commands.# Projects* **DataModel** - domain objects and abstractions for queries and commands. Have no references to any data-access specific libraries. It also contains workflows implementations.* **EFDataAccess** - implementation of data-access layer on top of Entity Framework 5.0 and SQL Compact.* **UnitTests** - unit-test for queries and commands.# Usage1) Setup2) Creating and using query3) Creating and using command4) Creating and using workflow# ContributorsI'd like to say "thank you" for everyone who contribute anything with building this piece of code.- [Sergey Zwezdin](http://zwezdin.com/)- [Vitaly Dilmukhametov](http://geekswithblogs.net/vitus/Default.aspx)- [Andrey Veselov](http://andrey.moveax.ru/)# LicenseCode released under the MIT license.